hello and welcome work processes hairs
we already kind because braids done
especially for the pass or people still
have never braided only one
another one was missing on the bad
so of course let it go today
see because you also have this basis so
where is just coated
I take the top layer, there I go
braid again so close this is for something
thin brush me all that with you
a group
so so the issue of dividing it into 3 parts
three equal pieces have given me one
ordinary in bad go over it
you don't do that, you go under it now
so take that bottom piece now has one
Another thing show
I got it here right there and there
Below
so grab that third finger
I grab that piece with these two fingers
upper over then I grab it so tight
so here and forefinger and my thumb and
below compli middle finger and there
I grab the door with that
forefinger thumb middle finger the
underneath and then I grab the third one
stuck down and this is my toes hand
and I grab with my other hand and
sneaked her all the way to the braid
Make momentarily, so I have enough here so
ready and then I pull backwards
that glass is now going to be grandfather's
now that goes with her so that
along the bottom it takes over mine
index finger under the strip that I just
did everything on it
the middle again underneath and then
I pick it up again on the other side
a tight hair so is all the way to the
bad weather had open piece in the finger
her there
here I grab him underneath
secure everything again with my thumb and
forefinger middle finger below me and me
grab again
so pick it up again while about
to grab
the mouse finger middle finger below
and grab it by the clamps
underneath grasp everything here
middle finger so hair again
add make sure the hair is well combed
is because because we are you with clip
therefore the very
your hair were very small
wrongly packed and so still color
intruder
this we will go along it is
actually the exact opposite
from
braiding then you do everything above
now i have the last one under
and so quickly you girl to join
can just wonder rights of course this is
just a basic you can use it
used this week to go to school
go or something
but I usually use the braid myself
for other purposes such as the school
flies
for example with the flower on flights
but a base is very handy to one
sometime to show that you can practice
than the more difficult flights
you can braid it as far as
that you want to stop now so I put you there
around it
yes why show and turned through
that should turn the degrees and again
again
such a kind that is tight all the time
sound in the weather error
yes what you can do to songs that just
but you can also choose if
you want rubber band a little too down
to pull
and then this one bit apart
nothing happens to the braid
the only thing is that it gets tighter
to sit on the sides and less
tight in the braid
allowing the braid larger body but good
I need it so they certainly have my
straight and so you click on braided in
place of braided
then for my chin my weather